= things-fetcher

A simple tool to fetch messages from an IMAP folder and create a new to-do item in the Things app for each.

== How It Works

Say, you use Gmail. Say, you want all the mail with +[todo]+ in the subject field to be automatically routed to your Things' Inbox.

1. Create a filter so that all subject mails end up in the same folder/label.
2. gem install things-fetcher
3. Run <tt>things-fetcher</tt> in Terminal to generate a default config file at <tt>~/.things_fetcher</tt>
4. Edit the config file at <tt>~/.things_fetcher</tt> to specify your email and so on.
5. Run <tt>things-fetcher</tt> in Terminal.

Set up a cron task to run <tt>things-fetcher</tt> periodically.

== Configuration

The following options can be specified in the <tt>~/.things_fetcher</tt> file:

[<tt>username</tt>] The username to authenticate with. You must specify one.
[<tt>password</tt>] The password to authenticate with. Default is to use the Keychain.
[<tt>server</tt>] The IP address or domain name of the IMAP server. Defaults to +imap.gmail.com+.
[<tt>port</tt>] The port to connect to. Defaults to +993+.
[<tt>ssl</tt>] Set to any value to use SSL encryption. Enabled by default.
[<tt>use_login</tt>] Set to any value to use the LOGIN command instead of AUTHENTICATE. Some servers, like GMail, do not support AUTHENTICATE. Enabled by default.
[<tt>in_folder</tt>] The name of the folder from which to read incoming mail. Defaults to +Things+.
[<tt>error_folder</tt>] The name a folder to move mail that causes an error during processing. Defaults to +Things+.
[<tt>list</tt>] The list in Things to create TODOs in. Defaults to +Inbox+.
[<tt>tag_names</tt>] The tags to apply to the newly created TODOs. Defaults to +Texted+.

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2012 Andrey Subbotin. See LICENSE for details.

== The IMAP fetching code 

Created by Dan Weinand and Luke Francl. Development supported by {Slantwise Design}[http://slantwisedesign.com].
Licensed under the terms of the MIT License. Be excellent to each other.

The original repo can be found at: https://github.com/look/fetcher
